treewide: Fix links in the docs and cleanup many boards (#22257)
RIOT-OS/RIOT: boards/seeeduino_arch-pro/doc.md

controller firmware installed.

## Flashing the device

> To flash, the [OpenOCD Software](http://openocd.org/) is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To flash the board, `openocd` is required. Refer to
<https://doc.riot-os.org/misc/openocd/> for more information about
building and installing OpenOCD.
```
